♪
c0000001
Now that the sun has set,
c0000002
the first test
is officially over.
c0000003
Six parties
and 18 individuals remain
c0000004
and will move
to the next trial.
c0000005
The second test
will take place in three days.
c0000006
You will be informed
of the details later.
c0000007
That is all.
You're dismissed.
c0000008
[Stark sighs]
c0000009
Already evening?
c0000010
Guess at this point
there's no harm
c0000011
lazing around a bit.
c0000012
[knocking on door]
c0000013
Huh.
c0000014
[knocking on door]
c0000015
What's their deal?
c0000016
[knocking on door]
c0000017
[STARK]
I'm coming!
c0000018
[door creaking]
c0000019
[gasps] Fern, you're...
c0000020
You're supposed to be
c0000021
at the first-class mage
exam right now.
c0000022
Thanks for telling me
what I'm supposed to do,
c0000023
but the first test is complete.
c0000024
You look rumpled.
c0000025
Were you sleeping?
c0000026
Huh?
c0000027
♪
c0000028
Don't deny it.
c0000029
Huh.
c0000030
Did you stay up late?
c0000031
Maybe.
c0000032
[FERN] And what else?
c0000033
I might have drunk some juice
as a midnight snack.
c0000034
-[chuckles]
-[groans]
c0000035
I'm sorry! I was thirsty!
c0000036
Uh-oh. You've made her angry.
c0000037
Please, Mistress Frieren.
c0000038
You woke up mere moments ago.
c0000039
[FRIEREN]
Caught in the crossfire.
c0000040
[grunts]
c0000041
Suddenly, pleasing Fern's
on the top of our to-do list.
c0000042
Do you have any good ideas?
c0000043
A tasty meal
typically does the trick.
c0000044
And where do we get that?
c0000045
It's a bit expensive,
c0000046
but I found a nice place
when I visited here before
c0000047
with Himmel and the others.
c0000048
[STARK] Yeah, but that had
to have been over 80 years ago.
c0000049
Will it still be there?
c0000050
♪
c0000051
My!
c0000052
It shines just like new!
c0000053
I told you that
it was an easy fix.
c0000054
[OLD WOMAN 22A] As always,
thank you very much, Richter.
c0000055
[RICHTER] Sure thing.
c0000056
[OLD WOMAN 22A] As for payment,
I thought you'd enjoy these.
c0000057
-Hm?
-I'll see you soon, dear.
c0000058
♪
c0000059
[sighs]
c0000060
[RICHTER]
Grandma, you do realize
c0000061
I'm not a child anymore,
don't you?
c0000062
I've been a grown man
for some time.
c0000063
[OLD WOMAN 22A] To an old lady,
you're still a sweet, baby boy.
c0000064
Grown-ups like treats, too.
c0000065
Hm.
c0000066
♪
c0000067
Hm.
c0000068
♪
c0000069
Sorry, you two,
but the shop is closed.
c0000070
A demented old man dragged me
c0000071
into a fistfight
over a silly bird.
c0000072
I need a while
to rest and recover.
c0000073
My, it sounds like you've
had it awfully rough, Richter.
c0000074
Why don't you relax
over dinner with us?
c0000075
I've been to a good restaurant
around here,
c0000076
but Laufen and I
don't know the area
c0000077
well enough to find it.
c0000078
You're in on this, too, Laufen?
c0000079
I'm shocked to see you
with Denken.
c0000080
And where did you
buy those pastries?
c0000081
Actually, the old man
bought them for me.
c0000082
I'm not sharing.
c0000083
In a matter of hours,
you've become his grandchild.
c0000084
[sighs] Go away.
c0000085
We're no longer party members.
c0000086
You don't know how to get along
in this world, do you?
c0000087
If you intend to continue
living as a mage,
c0000088
it would most certainly behoove
you to remain on my good side.
c0000089
There are plenty of great
restaurants around.
c0000090
Take your pick.
c0000091
[DENKEN] Before my wife passed,
c0000092
we visited a restaurant here
c0000093
that served
the most delicious food.
c0000094
I have never forgotten
the taste.
c0000095
You better be paying.
c0000096
Well, of course I am.
c0000097
I always take care of those
on my good side!
c0000098
♪
c0000099
-[Cat 22B meows]
-Huh.
c0000100
[meowing]
c0000101
Huh.
c0000102
[meowing]
c0000103
[hissing]
c0000104
-[scoffs]
-[UBEL] Hey, four-eyes.
c0000105
Huh.
c0000106
Joy of joys.
c0000107
It's nice to finally meet you.
c0000108
So, you give the clone
some time off
c0000109
when you're
strolling around town?
c0000110
If you must make small talk,
c0000111
can we at least
continue walking?
c0000112
[UBEL] Sure, that's fine.
c0000113
But if you try to lose me,
I might have to kill you.
c0000114
Speaking of, I have a question.
c0000115
Go on.
c0000116
You're a killer.
c0000117
And you don't feel
the slightest bit
c0000118
of guilt taking a life.
c0000119
So, why didn't you
eliminate Wirbel?
c0000120
You had every opportunity.
c0000121
You were watching all that?
c0000122
Guess nothing gets
past you, does it?
c0000123
Hm.
c0000124
It's hard to explain,
so try to stay with me.
c0000125
How interesting.
c0000126
Your hands are as drenched
in blood as they could be,
c0000127
yet at the end of the day,
you want to remain human.
c0000128
You nailed me.
c0000129
I use this time
to prepare myself to kill.
c0000130
I couldn't help
but empathize with him.
c0000131
He made me want to put off
c0000132
delivering that
final blow, too.
c0000133
[LAND] Hm.
c0000134
What has she done?
c0000135
I can't move.
c0000136
This is Sorganeil,
c0000137
the nifty binding spell
I picked up from Wirbel.
c0000138
The type of magic
a mage specializes in
c0000139
has everything to do
with the life they've led
c0000140
and the person they are.
c0000141
Empathy has always been
my secret weapon.
c0000142
If I can relate to somebody,
c0000143
then I can pick up
their spells in a heartbeat.
c0000144
Hence my frustration with
closed-book types like you.
c0000145
Your clones intrigue me,
four-eyes.
c0000146
Not only are they
perfect replicas of yourself,
c0000147
but they're capable
of every punch
c0000148
and pull you are.
c0000149
I'm just dying to know
what kind of life
c0000150
the ever-stoic Land has led.
c0000151
So, tell me.
c0000152
Ah, you're one of those.
c0000153
A mage who relies on instinct
rather than technical skill.
c0000154
You cast these spells
without understanding
c0000155
the principles behind them.
c0000156
Instead, you feel the magic.
c0000157
[chuckles]
c0000158
Laugh...but I despise
c0000159
dim-witted people
like yourself.
c0000160
So, are you going
to let me in, or not?
c0000161
Put in the simplest of terms,
c0000162
I will not, because
I do not like you.
c0000163
I would be careful
how you choose to proceed.
c0000164
I don't care either way,
c0000165
but you can't relate
to me if you kill me.
c0000166
[magic detached]
c0000167
Eh. Run along.
c0000168
You can try to hide,
c0000169
but I already caught
a sliver of the real you.
c0000170
[LAND] Oh?
c0000171
I think I'd like to see more.
c0000172
Where are you headed,
oh, so obstinately?
c0000173
Who knows?
c0000174
Please don't follow me.
c0000175
[DENKEN]
This is it.
c0000176
Well, you have
a good palate, Denken.
c0000177
Superb choice.
c0000178
This place is by far
the best restaurant in town.
c0000179
I come often.
c0000180
My wife and I ate here
c0000181
what must've been
50 years ago now.
c0000182
It looks like
it hasn't changed a bit.
c0000183
Time is a mysterious thing.
c0000184
[door creaking]
c0000185
-[FERN] Are you kidding?
-Hm?
c0000186
You're absolutely sure
I can order
c0000187
as many desserts as I want?
c0000188
Of course.
c0000189
I suppose that great minds
think alike.
c0000190
Everything sounds so amazing!
c0000191
[FRIEREN] I recommend this.
c0000192
It's not my birthday
or anything.
c0000193
Is it wrong for me to indulge?
c0000194
Oh, leave them be.
c0000195
It looks like
they're having fun.
c0000196
Meals should be times of joy,
not stress.
c0000197
And we're all here
for the same reason.
c0000198
♪
c0000199
Ahh!
c0000200
[chuckles]
c0000201
[excited]
c0000202
At long last,
it's time to stuff my face.
c0000203
[STARK] You're not
playing around, huh?
c0000204
Mistress Frieren's
ravenous side
c0000205
only comes out
every once in a while.
c0000206
Hm.
c0000207
♪
c0000208
When the demons
took this heirloom knife,
c0000209
I feared that I would live
the rest of my days without it.
c0000210
When you help Lecker,
c0000211
the greatest chef
of the century,
c0000212
then I, Lecker, will help you
c0000213
to the dining experience
of a lifetime
c0000214
completely on the house!
c0000215
That's a lot of food
for one elf.
c0000216
You don't find food
this delicious often.
c0000217
We must take
every bite we can get.
c0000218
Life is long
and food is aplenty.
c0000219
There's always next time,
you know.
c0000220
Thought so, too,
until I found myself
c0000221
up at night mourning
the flavors of yesterday.
c0000222
-Huh.
c0000223
Oh, don't worry about
this place, Miss Frieren.
c0000224
Huh?
c0000225
In a hundred years,
c0000226
the food here will be
just the same.
c0000227
Time is strong.
Taste is stronger.
c0000228
♪
c0000229
Sure.
That's what they all say.
c0000230
Chefs promise consistency,
c0000231
but just wait.
c0000232
In a few years, your pupils
c0000233
will be making
your recipes their own.
c0000234
If that happens,
c0000235
we can simply journey on
to find better flavors.
c0000236
You'll be let down,
Mister Himmel.
c0000237
No flavors exist in this world
that are superior to mine.
c0000238
In that case, make sure
they last into the future.
c0000239
Let that be our reward
for this job.
c0000240
I'm putting my faith in you.
c0000241
♪
c0000242
If that's what you wish,
brave hero.
c0000243
I'll do what no chef
has done before
c0000244
and take on time itself.
c0000245
You all have my word.
c0000246
[munching]
c0000247
♪
c0000248
[munching] Good call, Frieren!
This is seriously incredible!
c0000249
I don't know if we deserve
such happiness.
c0000250
[chomps]
c0000251
[munches]
c0000252
♪
c0000253
What a joke.
c0000254
Despite his talk, the flavors
have changed since back then.
c0000255
But...on a positive note,
c0000256
my search for something
more delicious ends here.
c0000257
It's even better now
than at my first visit.
c0000258
[chomps]
c0000259
Hm.
c0000260
Life changing is
putting it lightly. [chuckles]
c0000261
Wipe your face, Mister Stark.
c0000262
You look a mess.
c0000263
You must eat your vegetables,
young lady.
c0000264
Something only a grandfather
would say.
c0000265
[UBEL] Hmm.
c0000266
You're a lighter eater
than I expected.
c0000267
What, is that a problem?
c0000268
-[door creaking]
-[FERN] That was no less
c0000269
than divine, Mistress Frieren.
c0000270
♪
c0000271
I think we saved
her mood and our night.
c0000272
Yeah, but happiness
came at what cost?
c0000273
I used up the very last
of my savings.
c0000274
[Stark groans]
c0000275
[OLD MAN 22A]
Greet nothingness.
c0000276
Good day,
c0000277
and be proud,
for you have arrived
c0000278
at the essence
of the art of war.
c0000279
The master's lessons
are the student's tricks now.
c0000280
I bid you farewell.
c0000281
[birds chirping]
c0000282
Hm.
c0000283
Who was that elderly fellow?
c0000284
[STARK] I have no idea.
c0000285
He just talks at me
while I'm training.
c0000286
[FRIEREN] You seem to be quite
the beacon for oddballs.
c0000287
Whatever the case,
c0000288
-are you free?
-Hm?
c0000289
[FRIEREN] I'd like your help
with something.
c0000290
What happened this time?
c0000291
[grunts]
c0000292
Great. An advanced state
of grumpy.
c0000293
She's in an even worse
mood than yesterday.
c0000294
Yep.
c0000295
So, what the heck
did you do wrong?
c0000296
It was my turn
to do the shopping,
c0000297
but I may've accidentally
overslept a little.
c0000298
Okay, but you oversleep
more times than not.
c0000299
Why'd it bug her today?
c0000300
Fern is the type to let
anger build up inside
c0000301
until she has to explode.
c0000302
And what does
that explosion entail?
c0000303
Oh, just the dreaded
silent treatment.
c0000304
Do you two have to fight
like children?
c0000305
Please, I beg you, Stark!
c0000306
Mediate for us?
c0000307
I can hardly get her
to grunt in my direction!
c0000308
Huh? You've gotta
be kidding me!
c0000309
That's way too scary!
c0000310
Right, of course.
c0000311
You wouldn't put
your life on the line.
c0000312
♪
c0000313
[grunts]
c0000314
So, uh, Mistress Fern.
c0000315
Your old pal Frieren says
c0000316
she's terribly sorry
for being lazy.
c0000317
-[FERN] I'm hungry.
-Huh?
c0000318
I want to eat snacks.
c0000319
Huh?
c0000320
♪
c0000321
[STARK] She's a real pain
in the butt.
c0000322
Great! How about you
and I go snack shopping?
c0000323
[FRIEREN]
Hope my secret savings
c0000324
aren't dry, too.
c0000325
Huh.
c0000326
I know him from the test.
c0000327
I'm pretty sure that's Wirbel
of the Northern Magic Corps.
c0000328
Huh?
c0000329
You're a warrior, yeah?
c0000330
Huh? Uh, I don't know you, sir.
c0000331
Will he do?
c0000332
Hey!
c0000333
What the heck?
c0000334
-Hm.
-Let's keep looking.
c0000335
He's not it.
c0000336
Huh.
c0000337
I wonder what he's up to.
c0000338
[LAWINE]
Thanks for waiting, Kanne.
c0000339
Hm.
c0000340
Wow, Lawine, you're looking
even cuter than usual.
c0000341
All of my brothers just got
home from the imperial capital.
c0000342
[sighs]
c0000343
They never fail to return
with trifles that I don't want.
c0000344
Grown men shouldn't
need a dress-up doll.
c0000345
But my mom gets into it, too.
c0000346
She makes no effort
to stop them.
c0000347
♪
c0000348
[KANNE] You're even
more spoiled than me.
c0000349
If you want my life, you're
more than welcome to it.
c0000350
Constantly being compared
to genius brothers
c0000351
is utterly grueling.
c0000352
[LAWINE] Let's get moving
c0000353
before this outfit
strangles me.
c0000354
Hm.
c0000355
Today, nothing would
please me more
c0000356
than being your prince,
my lady.
c0000357
♪
c0000358
[chuckles]
c0000359
Ow! You're gonna rip them
outta my poor little head!
c0000360
♪
c0000361
Hm?
c0000362
Hey, so. Mistress Fern?
c0000363
Are you craving
something special?
c0000364
Anything is fine.
c0000365
I don't care.
Just make it quick.
c0000366
[STARK] Translation?
c0000367
She cares, and she cares a lot.
c0000368
What should I pick?
c0000369
I'm afraid that I know
no better than you.
c0000370
-Huh.
c0000371
Hey, look at those ears.
c0000372
-Isn't that Frieren?
-Uh-huh.
c0000373
[indistinct chatter]
c0000374
I'm glad we ran into you.
c0000375
We were just thinking about
coming by the inn to say hello.
c0000376
Who are these girls?
c0000377
The first test was completed
in groups of three,
c0000378
and they were in mine.
c0000379
Best group ever!
c0000380
We were lucky to be on a team
c0000381
with someone as wise
as Frieren!
c0000382
She was also a teacher
and a leader, too!
c0000383
-Hm?
-[FRIEREN] You were too busy
c0000384
fighting to lead yourselves.
c0000385
[KANNE] Maybe, but that
was Lawine's fault.
c0000386
[STARK] A boy can't relax
with all these ladies around.
c0000387
-Hey.
-Huh?
c0000388
Fancy yourself a warrior, yeah?
c0000389
What?
c0000390
Hey, fellas.
What are you guys...
c0000391
You're really hands on, huh?
c0000392
-[frightened]
-Looks good.
c0000393
Bet you could get
the job done, champ.
c0000394
Don't hurt me!
c0000395
There's a Fresser
tearing up crops,
c0000396
and the Continental Magic
Association hired me
c0000397
to do pest control
while I'm here,
c0000398
but I'm in dire need
of a front liner.
c0000399
After all the fun
we had during the test,
c0000400
the least you could do is
let me borrow your comrade.
c0000401
-Take him.
-[STARK] So mean!
c0000402
[grunts]
c0000403
-Just kicked me to the curb.
-Are you okay with him
c0000404
stealing your friend?
c0000405
My friend will be fine.
c0000406
I didn't sense
any malicious intent.
c0000407
He's very different
than he was in the test.
c0000408
He's probably the type who can
turn it off and on for work.
c0000409
That's how my brothers are.
c0000410
[KANNE] Here, Frieren.
c0000411
To say thank you.
c0000412
Hm.
c0000413
That's kind, but I don't see
what I did to deserve thanks.
c0000414
[LAWINE] Come on.
c0000415
You're the whole reason
we advanced.
c0000416
If it weren't for your plan,
c0000417
we never would've
caught our Stille.
c0000418
So, thank you.
c0000419
Huh.
c0000420
[GIRL 22A]
Thank you!
c0000421
You're the best, Himmel!
c0000422
You have nothing to fear now.
c0000423
[GIRL 22A] Yeah.
c0000424
Go on. Watch over
your parents for me.
c0000425
[GIRL 22A] Yes, sir!
c0000426
♪
c0000427
What's your motivation
for helping people, Himmel?
c0000428
I'm a hero, of course.
c0000429
That's not really a motivation.
c0000430
[Himmel chuckles]
Tough question.
c0000431
Speaking frankly,
I might do it for me.
c0000432
So that when
I leave this world,
c0000433
my name lives on in the hearts
of the people I impacted.
c0000434
♪
c0000435
That's why we're here,
after all.
c0000436
For to live is to be known.
c0000437
To live is to be remembered.
c0000438
What do you suppose I should do
for someone to remember me?
c0000439
You should change their life,
c0000440
even if it's only
in some small way.
c0000441
I would try that
and hope for the best.
c0000442
♪
c0000443
[all laughing]
c0000444
[KANNE]
The scariest part of it all
c0000445
was when Lawine wandered off.
c0000446
[LAWINE] I go with purpose,
I don't wander.
c0000447
That was you.
c0000448
[KANNE] Are we thinking
of the same story?
c0000449
[LAWINE] You're the issue
in every story. [laughs]
c0000450
[Kanne laughs]
What can I say?
c0000451
Mistress Frieren.
c0000452
These sweets are amazing.
c0000453
Your friends have good taste.
c0000454
[FRIEREN] Glad to see
you're feeling better.
c0000455
[LAWINE] Frieren had
her moments, too.
c0000456
We could hardly get her out
of bed on the second morning.
c0000457
Let's not dwell on that one.
c0000458
She just got out
of her bad mood.
c0000459
[grunts]
c0000460
-Frieren.
-Hm?
c0000461
We may have been
a team in the first test,
c0000462
but we still have two more.
c0000463
Past allies are future enemies.
c0000464
[FRIEREN]
I suppose you're right.
c0000465
-Huh.
c0000466
[fluttering]
c0000467
[screeches]
c0000468
[ALL] Huh.
c0000469
[FRIEREN] What is it?
c0000470
[FERN] A notice
of the second test.
c0000471
It says here where we go
and when.
c0000472
And look. It also lists
the proctor's name.
c0000473
So, this'll be
a Sense test, huh?
c0000474
There goes our luck.
c0000475
I can't believe we worked
so hard for this to happen.
c0000476
I don't see the issue.
c0000477
Sense has proctored four tests
in the exam's history.
c0000478
Nobody's ever passed
a single one.
c0000479
♪
c0000480
[STARK] Oh, this meat is tasty!
c0000481
I could see it in you
from the first blow!
c0000482
The essence of the art of war!
c0000483
♪
c0000484
[GENAU] The test
you're planning is cruel.
c0000485
[SENSE] That so?
c0000486
Don't forget,
I'm a pacifist, Genau.
c0000487
Much unlike yourself.
c0000488
[WIRBEL] I can't say
I expected this.
c0000489
[TON] That is not happening.
c0000490
[FRIEREN]
We'll proceed with caution
c0000491
while mapping the dungeon.
c0000492
[SENSE] You'll be
conquering the labyrinth.